are you finding it hard to promote your
blog well there's an easy solution for
that hey everyone i'm neil patel and
today i'm going to break down how to
promote your blog's content when
nothing's
working before we get started make sure
you subscribe to this channel and if
you're on youtube click the alert
notification
nearly 40 percent of marketers say
content marketing is a very important
part of their overall marketing strategy
according to hubspot
the best way to promote your content is
through omni-channel marketing
94 of marketers use social media for
content distribution according to
semrush now question for you is when you
promote your content on social media how
many channels are actually promoting
your content on is it just one like
facebook or is it two three four list
out how many channels you're using and
the social networks you're promoting on
for example i promote my content on
instagram youtube facebook
linkedin
twitter
those are the main social channels that
i'm posting my content those are five
for each channel
what are the specific types of content
that work better than others and i'm
gonna break down you know five tips that
you can do right now to promote your
content but you need to keep in mind
what does better on some networks versus
others now i'm going to tell you some of
this but as you're browsing these
networks you just need to keep those
things in mind
so on instagram
reels and stories and ig tv are the best
type of posts that get more love from
instagram so whenever you do a post on a
blog post mention a story and use
stickers and you can also turn that
content into video for instagram tv
that does really well on instagram and
if you have extra time go live on
instagram and you can showcase that
content through a live feed where people
can interact with you and ask questions
and that also does really well on
instagram
number two linkedin video content does
really well long-form text-based posts
do really well
especially ones that are
thought-provoking that are asking
questions and inviting engagement
the key with linkedin is using a hook in
your first sentence when you're posting
for example if i'm posting about my
content on linkedin or writing article
or linking to my site on linkedin right
one of my blog posts and let's say the
article is on content marketing
my hook could be you're doing content
marketing wrong but then there's hope
here's a quick way to actually get more
traffic from your content and then you
can link to your article now it's not
the best content or the best you know
three lines that i've ever written on
linkedin but i literally just came up
with that off the top of my head but
that's how you can do really well on
linkedin because when you start writing
those one-line sentences linkedin has a
more button so when people click it so
they can see more that's engagement
metric that they're measuring that
causes your content to get shown to more
people and has a higher likelihood of
you going
viral
three
facebook
paid ads are the best way to promote
your content on facebook
hate to say it but it's true organic
stuff doesn't do as well
but the paid stuff does help increase
your reach and engagement even with your
non-sponsored posts as well because
especially if you pay and you're trying
to reach your existing followers they're
more likely to engage which then
increases the percentage of your
followers that are engaging with your um
content which then causes your natural
posts that you're not paying for to also
get more traffic four email marketing
every time i release a blog post i send
out an email boss i do it twice a week
sometimes three times a week but that's
my process works really well you can use
tools like hello bar or opt-in monster
to collect emails
five push notifications every time i
release a new post i send out a push
notification through subscribers.com
it's a great way to get traffic they
don't engage as well as email but it's
still additional traffic that i never
had and lastly is a general rule of
thumb when you're linking to your
content from social media i would create
social content that supports or directly
relates to your blog content then have
call to actions and invite people to
check out your blog content that way
people are engaging on those social
platforms and then they're much more
likely to go on to your blog
now here's another bonus tip for you
before you create content to figure out
hey i'm going to go create this content
promote on social you may already have
your channels that you want to promote
but before you go create your content i
want you to go to uber says and type in
keywords related to that content when
you go to ubersus and you type in a
keyword in the left-hand navigation
there's this report called content ideas
this shows you all the popular pieces of
content around the web related to that
keyword based on social shares like
facebook or based on social shares like
pinterest and that'll tell you what's
working so then that way you're writing
content for all the channels and you
won't just get the short-term traffic
but you also get the long-term traffic
social email blast is more short-term
long-term is more seo
if you need help with your content
marketing check out my ad agency np
digital
if you have any questions leave a
comment below i'm here to help you
answer any questions you have and get
you the results you need if you enjoy
the video like it share it tell the
people about it thank you for watching